# Leap Motion

## Introduction

The **Leap Motion** **Nodes** are **Event Listener** **Nodes** that allow a **Logic Branch** triggered by the user on their *Leap Motion* device to execute. 

## Properties

Each property exists in the context of two different spaces. These are: 

* World space - The **Incari** application space, i.e. this value can be used to check against the position of **Objects** placed in the **Project**.

* Local space - The coordinate space local to the *Ultraleap* device.


The **Leap Motion Nodes** output a list of properties in **Dictionary** format. A **Dictionary** holds key/value pairs. The keys are:

* "palmPosition" - **Vector3** - The position of the hand's palm in world space.

* "indexTipPosition" - **Vector3** - The position of the index finger's tip in world space.

* "palmVelocity" - **Vector3** - The direction of the hand's movement in local space.

* "palmDirection" - **Vector3** - The direction in which the hand faces in local space.

* "isLeft" - **Boolean** - This indicates whether the event was generated by the left or right hand.

* "pinchStrength" - **Float** - This indicates from 0.0 - 1.0 how strong the user is pinching their thumb together with some other finger.

* "pinchDistance" - **Float** - This indicates from 0.0 - 1.0 how far their thumb and some other finger are from one another.

* "grabStrength" - **Float** - This indicates from 0.0 - 1.0 the strength with which the user grabs with their hand. 

These provide the necessary information for the user to incorporate *Leap Motion* into their **Project**.

## Contents 

* [**On Leap Motion Frame Update**](on-leap-motion-frame-update.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Grab End**](on-leapmotion-grab-end.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Grab Start**](on-leapmotion-grab-start.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Grab Update**](on-leapmotion-grab-update.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Pinch End**](on-leapmotion-pinch-end.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Pinch Start**](on-leapmotion-pinch-start.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Pinch Update**](on-leapmotion-pinch-update.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Swipe Left**](on-leapmotion-swipe-left.md)
* [**On Leap Motion Swipe Right**](on-leapmotion-swipe-right.md)
* [**XR Position**](xr-position.md)